[4.5.0]Update Salesforce docs with OAuth client credentials login support (#2289)
wso2/docs-mi: en/docs/reference/connectors/salesforce-connectors/sf-inbound-endpoint-example-cdc.md

This enables the publication of **AccountChangeEvent** events.

## Step 2: Set up Salesforce Authentication

The Salesforce Inbound Endpoint supports two authentication methods:

- **Username/Password (username-token)** — authenticates using a Salesforce username, password, and security token via the SOAP login API. This is the default authentication type.
- **OAuth2 Client Credentials (oauth)** — authenticates using a Salesforce Connected App's consumer key and secret via the OAuth2 Client Credentials grant. Recommended for server-to-server integrations where storing a user password is undesirable.

!!! info "Version requirement"

>     OAuth2 Client Credentials authentication is available from **Salesforce Inbound Endpoin version 3.0.5** onwards.

Author: ```suggestion
    OAuth2 Client Credentials authentication is available from **Salesforce Inbound Endpoint version 3.0.5 and 2.1.17** onwards.
```
